Hey, good morning, everybody.
I have some things I want to share with you about what the Lord has shown me about the work and its escalation.
Here we go.
I was praying, and then the Lord showed me the massive storm again.
I keep telling you all, I see the storm on the East Coast, and it was getting closer and closer.
But this time when I was praying, the Lord showed me our American soldiers all in a single-file line, and they were headed toward the European area.
The Lord told me there is going to be a massive draft, and they are going to draft all these people into the war.
Suddenly, the devil takes me to Europe.
I do not know what this devil was or what it represented necessarily, other than it was some kind of demonic spirit of war.
He was in a pit, and in the pit, he had these massive chains on his arms, and he was chained down.
Suddenly, an angelic being—it was a good one, an angel—came and took those chains off of that devil.
He shot up out of the ground and was spinning like a top.
He had these massive Viking horns on his head, and he had this fur with a leather sash across his chest.
He had this fur, like a white-looking fur, polar-bear-looking outfit, like a Viking outfit.
He started spinning and went inside of Vladimir Putin, and his whole countenance changed.
He became energized, almost like he had lost his mind.
It was weird, the way the Lord showed me.
Suddenly, I want to show you—I have a picture here—so I could show you where I see the rocket.
Do you have it on there, son?
I saw a rocket come out of Russia and hit right here, right up in this area of Poland.
It was a massive hit right next to here, in the corner.
He was attacking this area with a massive bomb, but it was not anything that has ever been used before.
Whenever I saw it happen, I said, "Oh no, he's using nuclear weapons.
" And the Lord said, "No, he is not.
This is something that has never been used before on the Earth.
" He said, "This is a new technology.
" It was like it vaporized everybody, but it wasn't of the radiation and all this stuff.
I've never seen anything like that before.
The Lord said that nobody else had either; it's never been used before.
Then I saw Turkey.
From here over, there were these massive, humongous drums beating.
I said, "Lord, what are they doing?
" and He said, "They're going to join in and make ties.
They're going to make some kind of financial agreements.
There are going to be things that happen with them going in with Russia, and they're going to join in on the fight to help fund them and do things, and it's going to escalate even further.
" This thing got out of control.
Then I was shown Israel.
Iran and these other countries were all coming against Israel.
But the United States turned our back.
We turned our back, doing nothing.
The Lord said, "This is what's going to happen during the Ezekiel 38 and 39 War.
" People have always wondered, "Where's the United States in this?
" We don't do anything.
We don't help them.
We just kind of watch, idly stand by and just watch.
That's what I saw.
Then I saw that because we betrayed Israel, we opened an attack for China to come in and get us.
I saw China getting us.
The surprise attack came as a dragon, and it looked like a red streaking dragon.
Then the Lord showed me and He said, "Watch Hawaii.
" I could see Hawaii and all these F-16-looking fighter planes coming in, and they were just shooting missiles and going nuts on Honolulu and all these areas.
I could see the main city there, Honolulu, Hawaii, and it was being annihilated with missiles and everything.
Buildings were on fire and things were being shot down.
It was a very sad situation because you could hear the sirens.
I could hear some kind of air-raid sirens going off.
People were running and screaming and trying to get away, but there was nowhere to escape because it's an island.
People were fighting back and everything, but it was a serious issue.
The virus, this is some of the things the Lord shows me.
I don't always want to come on and be like a fearmonger or whatever you all would say, that he always has negative news.
I'm just a watchman.
I see and I pray, and the Lord shows me things to pray about and things that could come.
Some things we can avert; some things we can't.
When he told me about the virus coming, he showed me a massive wave.
The wave came in and crashed the shore, and he told me this was the virus.
Behind the virus was another massive, humongous wave.
It was so big that it was frightening to look at.
The Lord said as soon as this virus pulls back and starts to recede, another massive wave of a wake-up call will hit the earth.
It's not about America; this is the world.
He said there will be another wake-up call, another wave of whatever this is.
But this time he showed me a number: 350 million people would perish during whatever happens.
I thought it would be another virus, like some kind of more serious thing, but I don't believe it is that.
I believe it's something else.
I don't know, and I don't want to assume.
I just see and I don't want to add anything to it.
I tell you exactly what I saw instead of saying, 'I assume this,' because you get in a lot of trouble doing that.
I just want to say exactly what I saw to you and tell you what the Lord showed me.
I saw 350 million people.
Then the Lord showed me a vision.
It was like a plane, and he said, 'Like we plant, we sow, we reap.
' He showed me people who are living Christians or pastors; if they're in hidden sin, they would be on the stage and just fall over dead like Ananias and Sapphira.
It was going to be such a seed time acceleration of seed time and harvest of opening doors that the enemy comes in and just takes them out because of the open door they've caused.
It was like an acceleration, a seedtime and harvest.
It was very sad because there were people living in sin, pastors behind the pulpits and doing things.
Christians living in an ungodly state were just dying.
It wasn't just them; it was the world too.
It was the people that weren't born again too.
I'm trying to remember everything about that.
Do you remember anything I'm leaving out?
Because I talked about the people going home.
It was very serious about all the people the Lord showed me going home.
Thank you, Holy Ghost.
He talked to me about an outpouring of finances.
He showed me a small group of people.
If you're praying, listening, keeping a fast life, and keeping your ear toward him, listening for his every word, he said there was going to be a supernatural outpouring of finances on a select few people, like inventions.
I know how some of it happens, but I don't feel like I can talk about it.
He showed me that the finances would come because he told me about the crash.
There is going to be a massive crash; it's part of whenever they bring in the digital dollar and all the things.
And I said, "Lord, how are these massive ministries going to happen and support these people?
" This is something else he showed me because I was thinking about how people are going to get finances just to keep preaching the gospel.
This is a big deal if another depression happens, similar to what occurred in the 1920s and 1930s when the depression happened.
He told me about supernatural provision.
He said there will be an elite group that will walk in a financial outpouring that will bring in the money and help people.
They'll be like a man with the pitcher in hand, helping out these ministries.
I saw people because there was such a lack of food and supplies at the grocery stores.
They will be at their dinner tables with empty pots, and the Lord showed me they will pray as a family around those empty pots.
The Lord said, "I'm going to put food into those empty pots.
" I saw all kinds of soups and things that he provided supernaturally, just coming into those pots and filling them up every time they gathered around and gave him praise at the dinner table.
Because the Bible says, "I never seen the righteous forsaken or their seed begging bread.
" And I believe with all my heart that even during all the drama that's going to take place before we go home—the birthing pains that are manifested on this Earth—we will see a supernatural provision just like the children of Israel had in the desert when he came in with the manna and took care of them with the quail.
He always provided.
He provided the twelve baskets, the fishes, and the loaves.
He took care of them.
He's going to take care of us.
He's not going to let us go without.
But you're going to have to be pushing into him.
You're going to have to have a relationship with him.
You're going to have to have a sin-free lifestyle as much as possible, living holiness.
I'm not talking about how you can't do nothing.
I'm talking about not living in compromise and sin.
So you've got to live in a relationship where you're on fire for God and we're all preaching the gospel.
And I'm telling you, he's going to take care of you.
The Lord showed me—I want to get this documented because we're almost there.
I'll tell one more thing here because he keeps reminding me of things.
In 2022, I had an angelic visitation in a dream.
And in my dream, the angel told me, 'Great judgment is coming in 569 days.
' And I asked the angel, 'What is the judgment?
' and he said to me, 'I cannot tell you.
You will have to pray this out.
The Lord tells me you will have to pray this out in the spirit, and he will show you and give you revelation of this.
' So I saw on the counter 510 days.
October 2nd is what the date came to.
And so it was during Yom Kippur and Rosh Hashanah of last year.
And the Lord told me whenever we got close to that timeframe, he said, 'I'm extending the timeframe and giving more time for repentance.
I'm going to give more time.
I'm pushing this back.
I'm going to give the people more time.
' I think I'll end it there.
I have another video; keep watching.
I just saw something else—he showed me in a vision right then, and I just saw something.
So I'm going to tell you in another video what he showed me.
All right, have a blessed day.